Fix asciidoctor-dita-vale errors for the ConceptLink rule (#4801)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_content-synchronization-by-using-export-and-import.adoc

= Content synchronization by using export and import

[role="_abstract"]

> Multiple approaches are available for synchronizing content by using the export and import workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are various approaches for synchronizing content by using the export and import workflow.
Pick an approach that suits your environment.
```

> You can use export and import to move content between {ProjectServer}s by mirroring the upstream Library, syncing content view versions for selective control, or syncing a single repository without adding it to a content view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use export and import to move content between {ProjectServer}s by mirroring the upstream Library, by synchronizing content view versions for selective control, or by synchronizing a single repository without adding it to a content view.
```

It's unclear to me what "selective control" really means.

I assume that this gives users the flexibility to only provide select tested CV versions which in turn saves bandwidth and disk space; and, from a compliance PoV, ensures that only tested content ends up on a disconnected/air gapped Foreman+Katello.

Author: Looking at it from a different perspective, perhaps we don't need to give that many details here. This abstract is introducing different scenarios so we can keep things more generic, and rely on the included abstracts to explain the specifics. Can you please re-review this part @maximiliankolb?

Reviewer: Yes, this works for me.
